This is a simple project intended to get you used to python, sockets, and the formalities of projects like readme 
and groups. 
This will be worth 3 points on your final grade. This exercise will serve as the foundation for the next project. 
A sample working client code is given to you in Client.py.  Your job is to write the corresponding Server code. 
The goal of the server is to get any string sent to it, and switch any letters from lower case to capital. 
Lastly it should then close gracefully when the client is done sending strings. A sample output and input file has 
also been provided.
As with all projects you may work in groups of up to two, if you would like to be randomly assigned a partner,
please fill out the partner link either in class or afterwards.


How we will test your programs
------------------------------


As part of your submission, you will turn in one program:Server.py and one README file (more on this below).
We will be running the two programs on the ilab machines with Python 3 (ideally 3.8). Information about how to use 
and access the machines will be provided in lecture.


Please do not assume that all programs will run on the same machine or that all
connections are made to the local host.  We reserve the right to test your
programs with local and remote socket connections, for example with Client.py,
And Server.py each running on a different machine. You are welcome to
simplify the initial development and debugging of your project, and get off the
ground by running all programs on one machine first. However, you must
eventually ensure that the programs can work across multiple machines.
Please note that the ilab machines are no longer addressable from the outside, so you 
must use two different ilab machines for testing. 

The programs must work with the following command lines:


python Server.py PORT
python Client.py SERVERADDRESS PORT


An example of this would be:
python Server.py 5444
python Client.py vi.cs.rutgers.edu 5444


By default the client reads from a file called source_strings.txt and writes to a file called results.txt


Academic Dishonesty:

Code coppied from anywhere will be dealt with according to the Rutgers Academic Dishonesty policy.
If the copied code's source is referenced, the maximum penalty will be 75% off the given assingment, 
and likely nothing depending on how much was copied and whether you had the license.

It is OK to take code from official language documentation, but you should still cite it.

If the code is not cited, and makes up a substantial portion of the project, the MINIMUM penalty will be
a zero on the assignment.


README file
-----------


In addition to your programs, you must also submit a README file (named README.txt) with clearly
delineated sections for the following.


0. Please write down the full names and netids of both your team members.
1. Are there known issues or functions that aren't working currently in your
   attached code? If so, explain. (note that you will get half credit for any reasonably sized bug that is fully 
   explained in the readme)
2. Collaboration: Who did you collaborate with on this project? What resources and refer-
ences did you consult? Please also specify on what aspect of the project you collaborated or
consulted.
3. What problems did you face developing code for this project? Around how long did you spend on this project 
(This helps me decide what I need to explain more clearly for the next projects)


Submission
----------


Turn in your project on Canvas assignments. Only one team member should submit. 
Please submit your final project as a single zip file with the exact following files inside it
 (the readme should be a txt file)(Note caps in file and folder names).

Project_0
   -- Server.py
   -- README.md
